---
layout: single
title: Current Mood - The Last Goodbye
categories: 
  - Blog
tags:
  - Blog
---

Current Mood

Song: The Kills-The Last Goodbye

Scene:
It's quite amazing what a song is capable of stirring up.

Reminiscing about the ten-day journey in Cape Town. The leisurely strolls, aimless wandering, and little adventures in the magnificent landscape.
But most of all recalling the careless, yet awed, sentiments that colored the whole trip. I was open to anything and everything, not knowing what to expect.

I remember how I replayed this song over and over again in that foggy morning by the beach, as I jogged to the tune and the lyrics. The song kept me going. There is a raw power in the song that motivates.

That scene comes to mind all too vividly, today, as I sit alone in my room, after a long, exhausting week, when I feel like I have lost sight of my raison d'être, my purpose and motivation.

I have been struggling with this question since I started working. Call it Marxist influence, but I find it quite true that working for a company is fundamentally an alienating act. 
How do you motivate yourself to stay true to yourself, to be your best self, both in the pursuit of ideals/ambitions, and in your conduct with others, when you are exchanging your time--your life--for work that does not necessarily resonate with any of your aspirations?
It's not easy. Sometimes I run out of energy and succumb to weakness, when I find annoyance in everyone, pick fights, and project my emotions on others. Like today.

But thank goodness for music. For this song calmed me again and gave me strength.

It reminded me of that jog along the beach, when I promised myself to keep going, despite my knees going weak. When I promised myself to one day be able to feel the world with my own feet. By metaphor it reminded me of all the things I promised myself to do, and to be. No more excuses.
No one said it was going to be easy. But I don't want to regret one day, for never trying to be where I see myself to be.

Ends:
Pep talk for a 22-yr old
